
	This directory contains an ensemble of combinational and sequential
logic benchmarks, written in SLIF (Structure/Logic Intermediate Format). 
The following files and subdirectories are included:

	- README (this file)
	- SLIF.man, SLIF.5 (manual page describing the SLIF format, in
	  nroff and standard ASCII respectively)
	- tech	(directory containing the description of the CMOS3 library)
	- mlexamples (directory containing the SLIF version of all the
	  mcnc89 mlexamples benchmarks)
	- twolexamples (directory containing the SLIF version of all the
	  mcnc89 twolexamples benchmarks)
	- fsmexamples (directory containing the SLIF version of some of the
	  mcnc89 fsmexamples benchmarks plus additional examples)
	- hlexamples (directory containing 10 SLIF files corresponding
	  to high level benchmarks of the HL synthesis workshop suite).

	- all *examples directories contain 'sim' sub-directories, where
	  simulation patterns are included. These pattern files are in
	  a format understood by the logic simulator mercury (see below).
	  The pattern files were generated by hand for the high level examples.
	  They were generated randomly for the other *examples directories.

SLIF is a general purpose logic description format, allowing for embedded
hierarchy, mapped (or partially mapped) networks, annotations on
signals and/or sub-circuits  (e.g. delay, area, power dissipation, etc.).
It has specific constructs for latches and tri-state elements.
Tools operating on SLIF are publicly available:

	- mercury, a logic simulator and logic interface, allows the simulation
	  of mapped or unmapped networks. Simulations of mapped networks use
	  the specific delays of the library elements utilized. Simulations of
	  unmapped networks use a user-specified unit delay. The simulation
	  results can be either printed in ASCII format, or shown graphically
	  using theseus, a X11-based waveform display program.  Mercury allows
	  for the transformation of SLIF files into LSI Logic's NDL format,
	  Actel's ADL format, and Mentor Graphic's GFL format. It also has a
	  built-in link to UC Berkeley's misII logic optimizer.

	- ceres, a technology mapper, transforms an optimized logic network
	  into an interconnection of (user-supplied) gates. 

Mercury, theseus, ceres, and the other Stanford synthesis tools (Olympus) 
are available for free from Stanford University via 'ftp'. For information
about the tool release only send e-mail to olympus@chronos.stanford.edu.
